well Isabel rábago says that she has been able to
speak with Bárbara and she is going to tell us
what Bárbara has told her let's
listen to it you are in the crossfire
so that people at home find out okay they
tell me that there is an
economic motivation that there is a debt for a
pension that look I don't know if Isabel rábago is
going to talk Here the headline is not about
Isabel rábago okay eh
but look at you that is exactly what we
were all thinking eh you are in the
crossfire so that people
at home find out okay they tell me that there is
an economic motivation that there is
a debt for a pension that is not
paid of Ángel with the mother of with the
mother of his daughter there is a debt for a
pension that is not paid there is a debt that
is judicialized and there is a debt that
must be
faced friend friend
so it is not even about the
launching of
well then it would not be here I mean I have
seen on Twitter a clip I have seen on
Twitter a clip
of Diego ar rabal in which Diego
states that Ángel cristo has
a legal problem
a
pretty serious legal problem with a former
ex-partner that is being
prosecuted and Diego in that clip lets
slip like let's see if you read between the lines I do
n't know what Antonio Davino has put out like they
put Antonio on Tele5 and now
Tele5 takes it and puts this man there
then Of course I understand I understand
that it could be a
problem that can be solved with
money if it's a
pension problem it can be solved with money he
needs money for money he's talking
and the mother agrees that he should
do it for
money and for money he would be capable of
attributing paternity to third parties
even the paternity of his
sister Let's see look at the headline okay what was I
going to tell you the
never told hell of Ángel Cristo son
Isabel Rábago has spoken with a
devastated Bárbara Rey I'm not going to question
a single word my son's
words they would be Bárbara Rey's words of course for me
the pieces of the pusle are very simple
in this case, I mean if these are the
ingredients for me the piece of the pusle
is very let's go it's very
transparent if the son needs money
and and his
situation depends on  pay something or not I
mean, paying whatever you have to pay
if we're talking about a pension or
whatever, is it worth the eviction of
assets? Well, it can also be solved
with money, ordinary people because in the
end, although it's supposedly a
criminal offense, eh, I think, if I'm not mistaken, without being a
lawyer or anything, it's an issue that is
partially solved by settling the debt. In other words, if
you pay it, then whether you like it or not, you're
not eligible. Maybe they'll pardon you from
prison or whatever, a thousand things are okay. So, of
course, put yourself in
Barbara Rey's shoes. Your son has a problem. A
serious problem is solved with
money. He can sell this. He gets paid a lot of
money to sell
this. What's the problem? Are they going to
talk more about Barbara
Rey? But if Barbara Rey is already
almost all known.
If she had an impeccable image, you know,
but what am I going to tell you about this?
Barbara will have said, well, why don't they talk
a little worse? But my son is saved. I
think this could be partly
Barbara's sacrifice so that her son can collect that money
and solve his
problems. It wouldn't fit with you.
That will
be worth it to Isabel. Well, yes, of course,
if they are going to solve the problem, it will be worth it.
What happens is that now we know
a couple of more negative things about
Barbara. But if almost everything is known, I do
n't know how many interviews, I don't know
how many documentaries have been made, and what does it matter at
this
point? So it's
something that is good that it is, I'm not going to tell you it's
agreed upon, but it is the one that
everyone agrees on and that's it.